## Implementing Domain-Driven Design Reading
### Chapter 3. Context Maps 

---

## Context Map? 
> A representation of the BOUNDED CONTEXT involved in a project and the actual relationships between them and their models

By Eric Evans

---

## Points of This Chapter
- Why Context Maps are so essential?
- How to draw a meaningful Context Map
- Common organizational and system relationships

---

## Why Context Maps are so essential?

>>>
## Why Context Maps are so essential?

- Context map is a tool for illustrating relationships between contexts
- It will give your team needed insight and indicate areas where inter-team communication is imperative. 

---

## Drawing Context Maps

>>>

## Drawing Context Maps
- Map the **present** first, not the imagined future.
- Add strategic insigt to the Context Map via **open communication**
- Avoid ceremony
- Prominently display it to the team

>>>

### Context Maps are not a 
  - Enterprise Architecture
  - system topology diagram

>>>

## White Board Time

- Draw a simple diagram of your current project situation
- Including...
 - where the boudaries are
 - the relationships between them and their teams
 - integrations involved
 - necessary translations

---
## Common Organizational and system relationships

>>>

### Partnership
- Teams must cooperate on the evolutions of their interfaces

>>>

### Shared Kernel
- Keep the kernel **small**
- Align the **Ubiquitous Language** 

>>>

### Customer-Supplier Development
- Upstream shoud be careful with downstream requrements

>>>

### Conformist
- Avoid conformist projects!

>>>

### Separate Ways
- Cut loose  if possible

>>>

### Big Ball of Mud
- Do not try to apply sophisticated modiling within this context!

>>>

### Anticorrupotion Layer

### Open Host Service

### Published Language

>>>


## White Board Time 2
- Identify context that don't belong
- Which of the nine relationships would you choose and why?

>>>
## White Board Time 3
- Create a Translation map.

---
## Wrap-Up
- We’ve discussed what Context Maps are, 
what help they provide to your team, 
and how you can create them with ease. 
- You took a detailed look into SaaSOvatio's three Bounded Context and their supporting Context Maps
- Using mapping, you zoomed in on the integrations between each of the Context
- You examined the boudary objects supporting Anticorruption Layer and their interactions.
- You saw how to produce a Translation Map showing the loacl mapping between REST-based resources and the corresponding object in the consuming domain model

